Armed Forces: Alpha Complex's military service group. Home to such elite units such as the renowned Vulture Squadron, the Armed Forces are also charged with certain high level domestic security, such as bodyguard detail for ULTRAVIOLETs. They also assist Internal Security from time to time. Rumors that this creates tension between the two services are treason.
CPU (Central Processing Unit): Central Processing Unit, or CPU as it is usually known, is the central supervisory and administrative service group within Alpha Complex.CPU handles forms, administration, records, forms, regulations, human resources, forms, management training, forms, project engineering, creating new forms and just about every bureaucratic duty in the complex. Certain CPU agents are assigned by The Computer to oversee projects in other service groups and to manage such duties as Efficiency Monitoring and Better Working Practices drives. It would be quite wrong to suggest that this kind of interference makes CPU universally hated throughout Alpha Complex. Quite wrong.
HPD&MC (Housing Preservation and Development & Mind Control): Housing, Preservation and Development and Mind Control, or HPD&MC, is the service group responsible for accommodation, education, entertainment, low-level maintenance, and insignificant administrative duties. Low morale breeds treasonous impulses and is therefore undesirable. HPD&MC monitors the morale of all citizens of Alpha Complex and through liberal application of drugs and vidshows raises them to the Minimum Acceptable Standard Spirit (MASS) Level, as detailed in HPD&MC Happiness Maintenance Non-Negotiable Guidelines. Their vidshow networks are a regular target for Communists and other traitors that want to distribute their own propaganda. Despite being a vital cog in the day-to-day running of Alpha Complex, due to their responsibilities HPD&MC is the service group most often in contact with the lower echelons of Alpha Complex society (such as INFRAREDs) and is therefore looked down upon by the others. Citizens working for HPD&MC dislike all forms or paperwork and have very high standards for avoiding it. This creates a problem when a citizen has to obtain an authorization form from uncooperative staff, who in all likelihood will be sent on a wild bot chase across several offices and departments.
Internal Security: Internal Security is the service group responsible for policing Alpha Complex. Perhaps more importantly though, it also assumes the role of secret police within AC, rooting out commie traitors through its many undercover agents. All secret societies and service groups are infiltrated by IntSec. As the eyes and ears of The Computer in its on-going fight against the Communist scourge, IntSec is generally held in good favour by FC.
PLC (Production, Logistics & Commissary): Production, Logistics and Commissary are the service group in charge of the creation and distribution of food, consumer goods, machine parts and all other consumables within Alpha Complex. Only marginally more prestigious than HPD&MC, PLC do however perform the vital function of allocating resources within Alpha Complex. Rumors that PLC clerks are a unusually surly and unhelpful breed of lowlifes who exist without energy or enthusiasm are treason. Bribery is also never a problem within the service. No way.
Power Services: Power Services is the service group in charge of maintaining Alpha Complex's power plants and the primary habitat engineering systems such as traffic, air, water and waste.: This function fuels a bitter inter-service conflict between Power and Tech, whose remits often overlap.
R&D (Research & Design): The Research and Design service group develops new technology, weapons and other miscellanous equipment for The Computer. R&D are famed for their highly imaginative concepts rather than their reliable technology. Typical R&D equipment is a mixture of the hyper-modern and the completely obselete. However, The Computer firmly believes in the service and is disappointed when others don't share those feelings. Few of the scientists who work in R&D still have their own eyebrows, and many possess an interesting set of scars. Even entering R&D can sometimes be dangerous, as much of the technology has a tendency to attack, shoot, explode or just simply stop working the second a Troubleshooter walks into the room. Coincedentally, it is often Troubleshooters who are given the job of testing the equipment, and filling in the many forms required after use. Ever since this directive, Troubleshooter mortality rates and mission success rates have plummeted, while collateral damage rates have skyrocketed, leading to the discovery of many more traitors amongst the Troubleshooters.
Technical Services: Technical Services are the service group responsible for maintaining and servicing the equipment within Alpha Complex, including bots, computer equipment and just about anything else that can be broken. Not known for their promptness or uncorruptablitiy, Tech Services still enjoy a high status amongst the service groups. The Computer knows that it relies directly on Tech for its own maintenance and is careful to monitor the political orthodoxy of its members. As a result, Technical Services has more than its fair share of undercover IntSec agents within its ranks. Since loyalty to The Computer is of more use to a career-minded Tech Services employee than actual competence, their ability to actually fix things could be described as somewhat lacking. With this mindset, they are notorious for their adherence to customers producing the correct forms for the job. For these reasons, bribery and intimidation are therefore a common aspect of life for the average Tech repairman. Technical Services sometimes find themselves in conflict with Power Services because their functions within Alpha often overlap.